Add a known issue for TiFlash mpp. (#13734)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash-mpp-mode.md

+------------------------------+----------+--------------+-----------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
5 rows in set (0,00 sec)
```

> ## Known Issues of MPP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known issues of MPP
```

In the current version, TiFlash uses the `start_ts` of a query as the unique key of the query. In most cases, the `start_ts` of each query can uniquely identify a query, but in the following cases, different queries have the same `start_ts`:

- All queries in the same transaction have the same `start_ts`.

> - When you use [`tidb_snapshot`](/system-variables.md#tidb_snapshot) to specify reading data at a specific historical time point, the same time point is manually specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you use [`tidb_snapshot`](/system-variables.md#tidb_snapshot) to read data at a specific historical time point, the same time point is manually specified.
```

- When [Stale Read](/stale-read.md) is enabled, the same time point is manually specified.

When `start_ts` cannot uniquely represent the MPP query, if TiFlash detects that different queries have the same `start_ts` at a given time, TiFlash might report an error. Typical error cases are as follows:

> - When multiple queries with the same `start_ts` are sent to TiFlash at the same time, you might encounter the error `task has been registered`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When multiple queries with the same `start_ts` are sent to TiFlash at the same time, you might encounter the `task has been registered` error. 
```

> - When multiple simple queries with `LIMIT` are executed continuously in the same transaction, after the `LIMIT` condition is met, TiDB sends a cancel request to TiFlash to cancel the query. This request also uses `start_ts` to identify the query to be canceled. If there are other queries with the same `start_ts` in TiFlash, other queries might be canceled by mistake. For example, the problem occurred in [this issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43426).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When multiple simple queries with `LIMIT` are executed continuously in the same transaction, once the `LIMIT` condition is met, TiDB sends a cancel request to TiFlash to cancel the query. This request also uses `start_ts` to identify the query to be canceled. If there are other queries with the same `start_ts` in TiFlash, these queries might be canceled by mistake. An example of this issue can be found in [#43426](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43426).
```
